Add link to room directory form (#2967)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/homeserver/about.md

- For the latest news and information about the homeserver see the [blog](/category/matrix-org-homeserver)
- [System status](https://status.matrix.org) and incidents
- For support please see the [Contact](@/contact.md) page

> - For requesting your room to be listed in the homeserverdirectory see [this form](https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/BIhKmupHthnfRK9e7rdJnG0ilU2k0dJtazvIMlfNCds/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For requesting your room to be listed in the homeserver-directory see [this form](https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/BIhKmupHthnfRK9e7rdJnG0ilU2k0dJtazvIMlfNCds/)
```

Idk felt hard to read without the hypen

> - For requesting your room to be listed in the homeserver directory see [this form](https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/BIhKmupHthnfRK9e7rdJnG0ilU2k0dJtazvIMlfNCds/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For requesting your room to be listed in the homeserver room directory see [this form](https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/BIhKmupHthnfRK9e7rdJnG0ilU2k0dJtazvIMlfNCds/)
```
